Persona
Anne is a compsci major in her junior year, taking classes that involve C++, HTML, and Python. She is also a commuter, so she doesn't get the chance to meet people often. As of right now, she is starting to look for summer internships but has no idea how she can improve both her technical and social skills. She hopes to find people who will help her become better at communicating and programming.

Scenario
Anne is currently working on a personal project to add to her portfolio and resume, as she is preparing to interview for an internship. She needs help with a part of her project, which involves creating a website, and she isn’t very confident about her interviewing skills. Anne is scrolling on Instagram mindlessly when she sees someone post about how working in groups helped improve their programming, and they mention the website StudyBuddi. 

Anne thinks it’s worth trying, as she needs to ask someone questions about her website but doesn’t know how to meet other people in the same major as her. She signs up and creates a StudyBuddi account, and personalizes her account to say that she is looking for programming help, and to make friends who are also preparing for internships. From there, she is provided with a list of students with similar interests, and matches with 3 other people. They create a group message with each other and discuss what they want to practice, and Anne shares that she needs help with coding her website. The other students are able to talk with her about what she’s aiming to create, which allows Anne to have a clearer idea of how to approach her project. They also have experience in the same coding languages, and are able to give her ideas on how to accomplish her goal. 

Anne matches with another person who is interested in improving their interviewing skills, and they start messaging each other. They agree to meet in person to talk about possible questions they might get asked, and they start brainstorming ways to answer together. From there, the conversation takes off, and they’re able to share a couple non-academic hobbies of theirs. They find out that they get along very well, and Anne has made a new friend, which she has been struggling with since she is a commuter. 

User Stories
-As a student, I need to find other people in my ITSC 3146 class that are looking for a group member
-As a professor, I want to meet with people in my department about changes being made to the course

